you have the link on the screen right now
of the video that I did on how to install and
solve the installation problem
of disk 2 that according to the warning of
rockstar recommended not installing the
second record because of the popping that
generated on the screen is therefore
this video an extension to the
information to complement the
information from the other video I'm going to split
this video in two parts in the first
I'm going to teach some information about
to the hard drive and the drive and the
part two I will show parts of
the animations and gameplay in game
of the game to see these effects of
popping to have installed the second
we go there then with the
hard drive or unit differences
usb either of the two systems is
valid to install the game but I
I want to leave the information very clear
important I advise installation in
the hard drive for the console because
because because the connection as it is
watching is different from the usb's I 've
removed the lid as we see this is a
usb and that's a much better connection
specific to the console of the
Modern models of black version
slim and the later that has come out this
year usually comes
and you can also buy a
external expansion that is different
presentation to this are more squares of
black guy who we already explained in the
previous video but in this what
I want to leave as a clear idea is that if
you are going to install the game that you are
asking many in a flash drive
usb of minimum 16 gb once formatted
I recommend you to be careful with
the type of usb drive because inside
has a chip that varies depending on the
distributed brand are not equal all
you will have 16 GB some are more
faster than others therefore the
construction of this device is
different what makes the good the
The best is usually the most expensive
therefore we must be very careful
with the 16gb versions of 32 of 64
hard drives and so on is much better
to play the game the most fluid
possible a hard drive of the console if
you can not buy it in the case of a
person who has commented to me in the other
video that was from venezuela that only
can pull a usb flash drive
is a fix is ​​fine but in many
cases gives problems depending on whether it is
of the first 16GB versions more
old who had worse worst speed
construction and so on my advice
try to get a hard drive and the
that you have the slim version if it was of the
first that came out I had 4 gigs not
it's worth it because it 's a minimum of 8 gigas already for
end with this several people I
they ask if with the extraction of the disc
2 occupies more space because in principle I
I have not seen anything remarkable
install files in hidden the truth is
that is not visible because everything is left
compacted and the environment informs that it occupies
7.7 gigas is why I'm just going to
go to show on the screen these
paper differences so you can see that
although it can be annoying if you know
live with it before I take out the
update I think it's late few
megas is better from my point of view and
preferable to install the second disk
to take advantage of all that amount of
superior polygons that you will see in
screen giving the graphic definition
many times higher than we were installed
the second disc very well is there been
all evil often requires good and
in this case there is no harm that good
come 'to be able to take advantage of this
of popping that does not become a
serious problem not even under my point
from sight to mild but it is simply
an inconvenience an annoyance for the
occurrence that can sometimes take a
second to show each object now
you will see it on the screen and you know
live with it and it will stay with you
choice to install it or not
equally the problem will remain
solved and corrected later
with the update that will be released so
without saying goodbye until later
bye
ah
and
or not